Make bridge commands unhidden (#23814)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

## 2.25.0 ##

> * Added `ydb admin cluster bridge` command tree to manage cluster in bridge mode: list, switchover, failover, takedown, rejoin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `ydb admin cluster bridge` commands to manage a cluster in bridge mode: list, switchover, failover, takedown, rejoin.
```
